Add usbdevice documentation (#638)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/addons/pcidevices.md

### Enabling Passthrough on a USB Device

1. Now go to the `Advanced -> USB Devices` page:

   ![](/img/v1.4/usbdevices/index.png)

1. Search for your device by any keywords.

   ![](/img/v1.4/usbdevices/search.png)

1. Select the devices you want to enable for passthrough:

   ![](/img/v1.4/usbdevices/select.png)

1. Then click **Enable Passthrough** and read the warning message. If you still want to enable these devices, click **Enable** and wait for all devices to be `Enabled`.

   ![](/img/v1.4/usbdevices/enable-done.png)

### Attaching USB Devices to a VM

After enabling these USB devices, you can navigate to the **Virtual Machines** page to create a new virtual machine or click **Edit Config** of existing virtual machine.

Select **USB Devices** and use the **Available USB Devices** drop-down. Select the devices you want to attach from the list displayed and then click **Save**.

![](/img/v1.4/usbdevices/attach-vm.png)

### Using a passed-through USB Device inside the VM

Boot the VM up, and run `lsusb` inside the VM, the attached USB devices will show up.

![](/img/v1.4/usbdevices/usb-in-vm.png)

### Limitations

> 1. Don't support live migration since USB device is bound to the specified node.
> 2. Don't support hot plug and replugging, please see [reference](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/issues/11979).
> 3. Require re-creating a USBDeviceClaim to enable the USB device if device path changes in following situations:
>    - Re-plugging USB device.
>    - Rebooting the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Virtual machines with attached USB devices cannot be live-migrated because the devices are bound to a specific node.

- Hot-plugging and replugging of USB devices is not supported. For more information, see [KubeVirt Issue #11979](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/issues/11979).

- If the device path changes when you reattach the device or reboot the node, you must create a new USBDeviceClaim to enable the device.
```

![](/img/v1.2/pcidevices/SriovNetworkDevicesFilter.png)

The newly created PCI device can be passed through to virtual machines like any other PCI device.
![](/img/v1.2/pcidevices/SriovNetworkDevicesFilterResult.png)

## USB Devices

_Available as of v1.4.0_

> A `USBDevice` resource in Harvester represents a USB device on the node. USB devices can be "passed through" the hypervisor to allow direct access from VMs. This is accomplished through the `pcidevices-controller` add-on. To use USB passthrough, you can either create a `USBDeviceClaim` resource or enable the feature on the Harvester UI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `USBDevice` resource in Harvester represents a USB device on the node. USB devices can be "passed through" by the hypervisor to allow direct access from VMs. This is accomplished through the `pcidevices-controller` add-on. To use USB passthrough, you can either create a `USBDeviceClaim` resource or enable the feature on the Harvester UI. 
```
